TDP-3037 Recording feature (#226)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/about.md

### Verbs

| Verb                                            | Description                                                                                           |
|:------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`<Forward>`](verbs/forward.md)                 | The Forward verb is used to forward an unanswered incoming call to another number.                    |
| [`<Gather>`](verbs/gather.md)                   | The Gather verb is used to collect digits for some period of time.                                    |

> | [`<Hangup>`](verbs/hangup.md)                   | The Hangup verb is used to hangup current call.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<Hangup>`](verbs/hangup.md)                   | The Hangup verb is used to hangup the current call.                                                       |
```

| [`<Pause>`](verbs/pause.md)                     | The Pause verb is used to delay for a period of time in the call.                                     |

> | [`<PauseRecording>`](verbs/pauseRecording.md)   | The PauseRecording verb is used to pause a recording started by a preceding `<StartRecording>` verb. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<PauseRecording>`](verbs/pauseRecording.md)   | The PauseRecording verb is used to pause a recording that was previously started by a [`<StartRecording>`](verbs/startRecording.md) verb. |
```

| [`<PlayAudio>`](verbs/playAudio.md)             | The PlayAudio verb is used to play an audio file in the call.                                         |
| [`<Record>`](verbs/record.md)                   | The Record verb allows a segment of audio to be recorded during a call.                               |
| [`<Redirect>`](verbs/redirect.md)               | The Redirect verb is used to redirect the current XML execution to another URL.                       |

> | [`<ResumeRecording>`](verbs/resumeRecording.md) | The ResumeRecording verb is used to resume a recording paused by a preceding `<PauseRecording>` verb. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<ResumeRecording>`](verbs/resumeRecording.md) | The ResumeRecording verb is used to resume a recording that was previously paused by a [`<PauseRecording>`](verbs/pauseRecording.md) verb. |
```

| [`<SendDtmf>`](verbs/sendDtmf.md)               | The SendDtmf verb is used to play DTMF digits in the call.                                            |

> | [`<SpeakSentence>`](verbs/speakSentence.md)     | The SpeakSentence verb is used to convert any text into speak for the caller.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<SpeakSentence>`](verbs/speakSentence.md)     | The SpeakSentence verb converts text into audible speech.                         |
```

> | [`<StartRecording>`](verbs/startRecording.md)   | The StartRecording verb allows an entire section of a call to be recorded.                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`<StartRecording>`](verbs/startRecording.md)   | The StartRecording verb allows a segment of a call to be recorded while other verbs are executing.                            |
```
